feat: add next-auth example (#3970)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/examples/next-js/next-auth.js.md

---
id: NextAuth.js
title: NextAuth.js
example-tags: [next.js, authentication, next-auth.js]
---

> **refine** allows you to build your [**SSR**](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages#server-side-rendering) supported web applications using Next.js. With this example, you can see how to make a simple **refine** app in Next.js and NextjsAuth.js with Authentication features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**refine** allows you to build your [**SSR**](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages#server-side-rendering) supported web applications using Next.js. With this example, you can see how to make a simple **refine** app in Next.js and [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org) with Authentication features.
```
